test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/README.md, before:

# End of Course Project 4 - Maths Tiles
### Aim
Try and reproduce something like this page [here](https://soulwire.co.uk/math-for-motion/) from Justin Windle
A creative developer whos work I was introduced to doing this course.
  
### 1. Create a MathsTile class  
Create a frame border for the tile - prototyping.  
Centre a dot - a circular representation of the pulse of the equation.  
Pass an equation callback.  
Equation runs a 360deg/2pi cycle  
Draw line  
  - frequency or wavelength will govern the plot across the tile  
  - and the radius of the pulsing shape - circle in the prior art  
[Rough Code for this step](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/tree/fef9827a151e83704a811ba1b6f1ff0f74a4b191)
  
### 2. How to add unit tests maybe?
  
**Some experiments:**  
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 
| - | - | - | 
| ![sk](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/blob/master/test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/images/2022.03.30-19.03.52.png) | ![sk](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/blob/master/test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/images/2022.03.30-19.57.16.png) | ![sk](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/blob/master/test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/images/2022.03.30-20.47.30.png) |
| Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/blob/e41fa1e19bd49fd3987455c2eb2f8b58df2f3d30/test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/u10_fp_math_functions.js) | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/tree/fef9827a151e83704a811ba1b6f1ff0f74a4b191) | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/tree/fef9827a151e83704a811ba1b6f1ff0f74a4b191) |
| ![sk]() | ![sk]() | ![sk]() |
| Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() |
| ![sk]() | ![sk]() | ![sk]() |
| Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() |
  
To see short animation navigate [here]() and click DOWNLOAD for mp4. (Ver: add HASH)
  


# Resources
**NPM package manager**  
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-node-js-modules-with-npm-and-package-json
  
**Creating a module - both installing or linking to local repo dir**  
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-node-js-module  
  
**Add Node.js ref to modules**
https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html  
  
**40 useful node packages here**  
https://leanylabs.com/blog/npm-packages-for-nodejs/
  
**NPM website**  
https://www.npmjs.com/

Commit message:

make layout automatic based on canvas size & number of tiles

test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/README.md, after:

# End of Course Project 4 - Maths Tiles
### Aim
Try and reproduce something like this page [here](https://soulwire.co.uk/math-for-motion/) from Justin Windle
A creative developer whos work I was introduced to doing this course.
  
### 1. Create a MathsTile class  
Create a frame border for the tile - prototyping.  
Centre a dot - a circular representation of the pulse of the equation.  
Pass an equation callback.  
Equation runs a 360deg/2pi cycle  
Draw line  
  - frequency or wavelength will govern the plot across the tile  
  - and the radius of the pulsing shape - circle in the prior art  
[Rough Code for this step](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/tree/fef9827a151e83704a811ba1b6f1ff0f74a4b191)
  
### 2. Draw a set of labelled tile objects with a different equation in each one.
Create equation array with title & equation callback.  
Modify MathTile class to take title, display at bottome of tile.  
Centre the text, font currently hardcoded.  
Sit tiles evenly in available display area.  
Give each 
  
### X. How to add unit tests maybe?
Add paint metrics.  
Add mode to draw lines from adjacent points, instead of dots.  
  
### X. How to add unit tests maybe?
  
**Some experiments:**  
| 1 | 2 | 3 | 
| - | - | - | 
| ![sk](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/blob/master/test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/images/2022.03.30-19.03.52.png) | ![sk](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/blob/master/test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/images/2022.03.30-19.57.16.png) | ![sk](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/blob/master/test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/images/2022.03.30-20.47.30.png) |
| Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/blob/e41fa1e19bd49fd3987455c2eb2f8b58df2f3d30/test_pages/u10_fp_math_functions/u10_fp_math_functions.js) | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/tree/fef9827a151e83704a811ba1b6f1ff0f74a4b191) | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js](https://github.com/UnacceptableBehaviour/js_canvas/tree/fef9827a151e83704a811ba1b6f1ff0f74a4b191) |
| ![sk]() | ![sk]() | ![sk]() |
| Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() |
| ![sk]() | ![sk]() | ![sk]() |
| Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() | Code @ [u10_fp_math_functions.js]() |
  
To see short animation navigate [here]() and click DOWNLOAD for mp4. (Ver: add HASH)
  


# Resources
**Text Metrics**  
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/TextMetrics

**NPM package manager**  
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-use-node-js-modules-with-npm-and-package-json
  
**Creating a module - both installing or linking to local repo dir**  
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-create-a-node-js-module  
  
**Add Node.js ref to modules**
https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html  
  
**40 useful node packages here**  
https://leanylabs.com/blog/npm-packages-for-nodejs/
  
**NPM website**  
https://www.npmjs.com/
